
Ooh
Ahh-ahh-ahh-ahh
La-la-la
La-la-la
Mansions, hills and acres Women, drinks and caterers I will toast until the
break of dawn Swimming pools and strippers Conversation six figures Never
crossed my mind to call home There's a note on the bathroom mirror Tellin' me
that you've had enough It took, you leavin' me For my, blind eyes to see That
you mean?
(Far more) than this planet to me (Far more) than the air I breathe (Far more)
from here to overseas (Far more) girl you're all I need (Far more) than the
mountains and trees (Far more) you mean more than the birds and bees (Far more)
honey take it from me (Far more) you are all I need
Hangin' out with friends Never calling to check in Neglecting you in every way
Taking the home front for granted What was straight is now slanted And I don't
know what to do about this love There's a note on the bathroom mirror (ohh)
Tellin' me that you've had enough It took, you leavin' me For my, blind eyes to
see That you mean?
(Far more) more than this planet to me (Far more) more than the air I breathe
(Far more) from here to overseas (Far more) girl you're all I need (Far more)
than the mountains and trees (Far more) than the birds and bees (Far more)
honey take it from me (Far more) you're all I need
Shoo-op, shoo-op Skiddlily-be-bop, hip-hop (ohh) Shoo-op, shoo-op Skiddlily-be-
bop, hip-hop (ohh) Shoo-op, shoo-op Skiddlily-be-bop, hip-hop Far more, far
more Shoo-op, shoo-op Skiddlily-be-bop, hip-hop Shoo-op, shoo-op Skiddlily-be-
bop, hip-hop (hip-hop) Shoo-op, shoo-op Skiddlily-be-bop, hip-hop (skiddily-be-
bop) Far more to me
(Far more) than this planet to me (Far more) far more than the air I breathe
(Far more) from here to overseas (Far more) girl you're all I need (Far more)
than the mountains and trees (Far more) the birds and the bees (Far more) honey
take it from me (Far more) you are all I need (Far more) yeah (Far more) ever
since you've been gone (Far more) I've realized girl (Far more) just what it is
I had at home (Far more) oh baby you mean far more (Far more) than this planet
to me (Far more) than this air I breathe (Far more) nothing can compare to your
love for me (Far more) to your love for me (Far more) to your love for me (Far
more) to your love for me (Far more) to your love for me?

