
Hoo...
La-la-la-la-la-la-la

Mansions, hills, and bankers
Women, drinks and caterers
I will toast until the break of dawn Swimming pools and strippers Conversation,
six figures Never cross my mind to call home

There's a lonely  Tellin' me that you've had enough It took you leavin' me for
my blind eyes to see That you mean

(Far more) Than this planet to me (Far more) Than the air I breathe (Far more)
From here to overseas (Far more) Girl, you're all I need

(Far more) Than the mountains and trees (Far more) You mean more than the birds
and bees (Far more) Honey, take it from me (Far more) You are all I need

Hangin' out with friends Never calling to check in Neglecting you in ever way
Takin' the whole world for granted What was straight is now slanted And I don't
know what to do about it

There's a lonely  Tellin' me that you've had enough It took you leavin' me for
my blind eyes to see That you mean

(Far more) More than this planet to me (Far more) More than the air I breathe
(Far more) From here to overseas (Far more) Girl, you're all I need

 (Far more)
Than the mountains and trees (Far more) Than the birds and bees (Far more)
Honey, take it from me (Far more) You're all I need

Shoop wop shoo wop skiddly be bop hip hop (Oh...) Shoop wop shoo wop skiddly be
bop hip hop (Oh...oh...) Shoop wop shoo wop skiddly be bop hip hop Far more,
far more

Shoop wop shoo wop skiddly be bop hip hop Shoop wop shoo wop skiddly be bop hip
hop (Hip hop) Shoop wop shoo wop skiddly be bop (Skiddly be bop) hip hop Far
more, far more (Far more to me)

(Far more) Than this planet to me (Far more) Far more than the air I breathe
(Far more) From here to overseas (Far more) Girl, you're all I need

(Far more) Than the mountains and trees (Far more) The birds and the bees (Far
more) Honey, take it from me (Far more) You are all I need, yeah

(Far more) Ever since you've been gone (Far more) I realize, girl (Far more)
Just what it is I had at home (Far more) Oh, baby, you mean far more

(Far more) Than this planet to me (Far more) Than this air I breathe (Far more)
Nothing can compare to your love for me (Far more) To your love for me

(Far more) To your love for me (Far more) To your love for me (Far more) (Far
more)

(Far more)
